a prison with a very insane system which
frustrates many of its inmates
can even make someone cannibalized just
to survive
this film opens with the scene of a chef
who is checking the ingredients
and monitoring the process of making
food in his kitchen so that the quality
is maintained
where the food will be served to all
prison inmates
seen moved where there was seen a man
woke up in a prison cell together with
an old man
without greetings at all the old man
suddenly mentioned the 48th floor
he also said that starting from today
they will eat leftovers from upstairs
the higher the floor the smaller the
number where the highest floor is the
zero floor
the man who had just been placed in the
prison immediately looked at the center
of the room
where there was a very deep hole the
hole served as a path for the food lift
that came from the zero floor
after hearing a brief explanation from
the old man the man
introduced himself and said that his
name was goring the old man replied by
saying his name
trimagassi each floor in this prison is
occupied by only two prisoners
which is where they will be together for
one month goring who is curious
asks trimagassi about how the hole works
trimagassi replied that the higher the
floor the better
he also said that the 48th floor was a
pretty good floor
because it was in the middle goring
which was still in a daze
was surprised by the dropping of a large
rock through the hole
the chunks called platforms served to
deliver food to the residents from the
top floor
to the very bottom with a duration of
once a day
just arriving on the 48th floor the food
on the platform looked completely unfit
for consumption
which meant it would get worse if it
reached any lower floors
trimagassi who was starving immediately
ate the food
but goring was still hesitant to eat it
trimagassi tells goring to quickly eat
his food
because each floor is only given two
minutes before the platform descends to
the next floor
goring who was very hungry only took an
apple which would be stored to eat a few
hours later
shortly after the food lift descended to
the next floor
goring suddenly felt that the room was
suddenly hot
he asked trimagassi why the room feels
hot and trimagassi
also said if the occupants try to hoard
food then the room temperature will
automatically change to be very hot or
cold
hearing this goring immediately through
the apples he had stored in the hole
so that the room temperature returned to
normal
the next scene is shown when goran
conducts an interview session with one
of the prison workers
where the prison is called the vertical
self-management center
in the conversation goring was invited
to bring one item
that would accompany him while he was in
prison
of the many choices he can carry goring
chose a book called don quixote
for him to read goring was in prison not
because he had committed a crime
but because he deliberately went to this
prison for six months to get an
accredited diploma
trimagassi also said that he went to
prison for accidentally throwing a tv
from his apartment
and hitting a cyclist to death goring
and trimagassi spent their days together
and started getting close to each other
until one night there were gas smells in
the prison
this indicates that they will soon be
unconscious and at that point
the prison floor and floor mates will be
changed randomly
if no one died on the floor the cell
mates would remain the same
the next day goring woke up tied to his
bed and it turned out that the culprit
was none other than trimagassi his
cellmate
trimagassi's goal of binding his
cellmate was none other than to survive
for the next month
in cell level 171 because of course
living on the floor with such a large
number would surely not be getting food
trimagassi said that he would not be
able to live for a month without eating
anything
so armed with the knife he brought when
he went to prison trimagassi wanted to
eat goring parts slowly
fortunately before trimagase's intention
was realized
goring was rescued by a person named
maharo in which mahara happened to be
exploring the floor after floor of the
prison's cells by climbing a platform
looking for her son miharu immediately
hit trimagassi in the back
and stabbed his neck with a knife after
releasing goring's ties
maharu invited goring to take revenge on
trimagassi
blindly goring then stabbed trimagassi
repeatedly until he died tragically
besides saving goring from trimagase
maharo
also took care of him before continuing
the search for her son
a month passed the prisoners were again
transferred to their cells
and this time goring occupied a cell on
the 33rd floor with a magiri
who turned out to be a former employee
of the vertical self-management center
who interviewed him first
goring asked to magiri how many floors
were there in this prison
imagiry said that during the 25 years
she had worked there
she knew that the total number of floors
was around 200 floors
logically the amount of food available
would not be sufficient to meet the
needs of around 400 people
but a magiri said the food served could
suffice for all prisoners
if a system of solidarity was applied
imigiri tries to form a food-sharing
mindset
by preparing two roughly equal portions
for the residents on the floor below
however the appeal was never heard until
finally goring forced the prisoners in
his lower cell with a threat
imagiry also talked about her experience
when working
as an employee at the vertical
self-management center who did not know
the conditions inside
she only knew that the lowest floor of
the vertical prison building
was at level 250 until finally
emigi entered the rehabilitation center
out of frustration
at being diagnosed with cancer the newly
awakened goring finds that a magiri
who has returned to being his cellmate
is lifeless
even though she was sent to prison
voluntarily on the next move
imagiry was unable to face the reality
that she was in cell 202.
with his deteriorating body condition
accompanied by the departure of his
cellmate
goring's condition was getting worse the
situation of the cells in the deepest
part continues to suppress him
the shadow of trimagassi and amigiri
continues to haunt him
while inhabiting the cell at level 202.
goring hallucinates too often so he
can't hold himself anymore to eat in
mcgiri's meat
the following month goring woke up again
from his sleep
and was placed on the sixth floor which
is the highest floor while he was in the
prison
on the sixth floor goring is accompanied
by a man named bahara
who is a religious man who is always
optimistic about getting out of the
prison
bahrain also chose to bring a rope to be
able to climb to the top floor
this month is the last month for gorham
to be in prison and being on the sixth
floor means that goran can calmly wait
for the day of his freedom without
starving
amazingly goring didn't want to be that
kind of person
he asked bahras help to go down to the
bottom floor
goring invited bahrain to climb the
platform so that he could distribute
food fairly on
each floor initially bahrain objected to
doing this
but after being persuaded by goring
bahara finally agreed
they climbed onto the platform carrying
iron from the bed to be used as weapons
initially everything went according to
plan until on a floor they met a man
named bram bang
he advised goring and bahara to bring a
message when they returned to the zero
floor
the message had to be represented by a
meal that looked delicious and
appetizing the food they choose must
arrive at floor zero
intact and not touched at all with such
food conditions
a message will be conveyed to the guards
on the zero floor
hopefully with this message the prison
manager will become aware
and change the crazy system after
hearing brambang's words
they chose panna cotta to be escorted
back to the zero floor
pan nakada who was untouched and
returned to the kitchen in one piece was
proof that solidarity had occurred
the inmates of the vertical prison were
able to organize themselves from
greediness
and that it means the prison's mission
has been accomplished
so prison officials should release the
prisoners after that
at least that's goring in bahrai's hope
many things happened when they passed
the floors until one floor they saw
maharu was about to be killed by a man
goring in bahrain also tried to help so
that bahrain had to get a wound on his
stomach
and goring was beaten black and blue
with this condition full of wounds
goring and bahrain continued their
journey
the 250th floor which is thought to be
goring is the lowest floor
proved to be false which means that
there are still many floors below
that it was unknown how many of them the
deeper the floor
the worse the conditions for the
prisoners fortunately
the food they had been guarding until
then was still good and untouched
in the end the food lift stopped on the
333rd floor
they were confused why the floor stopped
even though there were no prisoners
there
apparently there was a child hiding
under the bed and goran assumed that
this child was the child mahara had been
looking for all this time
when goring in bahrain approached the
child suddenly the food lift came down
leaving them
and seeing the child starve they
inevitably had to give panna cotta which
they had kept for the child to eat
when goring is unconscious on the 333rd
floor
he has hallucinations about the spirits
of trimagassi
in magiri maharo and bahara which turns
out that bahrain has died due to blood
loss
in his hallucination trimagassi said
that the child was the real message
that had to be delivered to the zero
floor hearing that
goring also invited the child to climb
the platform
but because trimagassi said the message
does not require an introduction to get
to the top
goring goes down and let the child go up
alone to the zero floor
hopefully the child can be a message
that they all do not deserve to be
treated like that because their humanity
is still there in prison
this film is a description of the real
life conditions by explaining the
existence of social disparities between
upper class society
and lower class society the condition of
the government
that does not know the real condition of
society and the existence of parties who
try to oppose the system to make it
better
for those of you who are not disgusted
this film is a must for you to watch
because it has a very deep moral message
okay
that's the synopsis of the film this
time hopefully this film can be the
right film recommendation for all of you
to watch
thank you for watching don't forget to
like share
subscribe or follow this channel so you
can get recommendations for other
exciting films